README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  <img src="https://github.com/jsnmarkd/scheduler/blob/master/public/images/logo.png?raw=true" width="200" alt="logo">
  <br>
  Interview Scheduler
  <br>
</h1>

<h4 align="center">
  This project is a Single Page Application built with 
  <a href="https://reactjs.org/">React</a> 
  that allows users to book, edit and cancel interviews
</h4>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#final-product">Final Product</a> •
  <a href="#dependencies">Dependencies</a> •
  <a href="#setup">Setup</a> •
</p>

## Final Product

**Demo**

<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/jsnmarkd/scheduler/blob/master/docs/demo_scheduler.gif">
</p>

**Error Demo**

<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/jsnmarkd/scheduler/blob/master/docs/demo_error.gif">
</p>

## Dependencies

**Denpendencies**

- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/docs/intro)
- [classnames](https://www.npmjs.com/package/classnames)
- [normalize.css](https://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [ReactDOM](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-dom.html)
- [React-scripts](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-scripts)

**Dev-dependencies**

- [Babel](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@babel/core)
- [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/)
- [Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/)
- [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/)
- [Prop-Types](https://www.npmjs.com/package/prop-types)
- [React-test-renderer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-test-renderer)
- [SASS](https://sass-lang.com/)

## Setup

Install dependencies with `npm install`.

## Running Webpack Development Server

```sh
npm start
```

## Running Jest Test Framework

```sh
npm test
```

## Running Storybook Visual Testbed

```sh
npm run storybook
```

Commit message:

Add backend instructions to README file

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  <img src="https://github.com/jsnmarkd/scheduler/blob/master/public/images/logo.png?raw=true" width="200" alt="logo">
  <br>
  Interview Scheduler
  <br>
</h1>

<h4 align="center">
  This project is a Single Page Application built with 
  <a href="https://reactjs.org/">React</a> 
  that allows users to book, edit and cancel interviews. The database can be accessed <a href="https://github.com/lighthouse-labs/scheduler-api">Here</a>.
</h4>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#final-product">Final Product</a> •
  <a href="#dependencies">Dependencies</a> •
  <a href="#setup">Setup</a> •
</p>

## Final Product

**Demo**

<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/jsnmarkd/scheduler/blob/master/docs/demo_scheduler.gif">
</p>

**Error Demo**

<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/jsnmarkd/scheduler/blob/master/docs/demo_error.gif">
</p>

## Dependencies

**Denpendencies**

- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/docs/intro)
- [classnames](https://www.npmjs.com/package/classnames)
- [normalize.css](https://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [ReactDOM](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-dom.html)
- [React-scripts](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-scripts)

**Dev-dependencies**

- [Babel](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@babel/core)
- [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/)
- [Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/)
- [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/)
- [Prop-Types](https://www.npmjs.com/package/prop-types)
- [React-test-renderer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-test-renderer)
- [SASS](https://sass-lang.com/)

## Setup

Install dependencies with `npm install`.

## Running The API Server

```sh
clone this <a href="https://github.com/lighthouse-labs/scheduler-api">link</a>
and follow the README.md file
```

## Running Webpack Development Server

```sh
npm start
```

## Running Jest Test Framework

```sh
npm test
```

## Running Storybook Visual Testbed

```sh
npm run storybook
```
